 html BBC - Homepage Homepage Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC Account Notifications Home News Sport Weather
iPlayer Sounds Bitesize CBeebies CBBC Food Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture TV Weather Sounds More menu Search BBC Search
BBC Home News Sport Weather iPlayer Sounds Bitesize CBeebies CBBC Food Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture TV Weather Sounds
Close menu BBC Homepage Russia claims control of salt mine town Soledar Russia says it has captured the town after a months-long battle, but
Ukraine says fighting is ongoing. Europe Russia claims control of salt mine town Soledar Japan to release radioactive water into sea this
year Asia Japan to release radioactive water into sea this year Hunting for Nazi gold in a Dutch village Europe Hunting for Nazi gold in a
Dutch village The Versailles most people don't get to see Travel The Versailles most people don't get to see The simple error that 16% of us
make Future The simple error that 16% of us make News Ukraine defence minister: We are de facto Nato member Oleksii Reznikov's comments are
set to provoke Russia, which frames the war as a battle with the West. Europe Ukraine defence minister: We are de facto Nato member
Republicans want to know who visited Biden's homes They are demanding visitor logs after classified documents were found in the president's
garage. US & Canada Republicans want to know who visited Biden's homes Lisa Marie Presley, daughter of Elvis, dies at 54 Tributes flood in
for the US singer, who was rock 'n' roll legend Elvis Presley's only child. Entertainment & Arts Lisa Marie Presley, daughter of Elvis, dies
at 54 Sport Klopp among Premier League news conferences Premier League news conferences include Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp, plus latest
transfer news and gossip. Football Klopp among Premier League news conferences 'Potter must be thinking when's his luck going to change' A
bad run, unhappy fans, a big injury list and their new signing suspended - things go from bad to worse for Graham Potter's Chelsea. Football
'Potter must be thinking when's his luck going to change' 'I feel emotional' - Djokovic on Melbourne return Novak Djokovic receives an
adoring welcome on his first public return to the Australian Open for a practice match with home favourite Nick Kyrgios. Tennis 'I feel
emotional' - Djokovic on Melbourne return London Weather Edit Fri 11°C 5°C Sat 12°C 4°C Sun 8°C 3°C Mon 4°C -1°C Visit Reel The most amazing
videos from the BBC Camilla's life before meeting Charles The surprising power of whispering The truth about newborn sleep Editor’s Picks
Films that scare in unexplainable ways Haunting triumph Enys Men and the power of the eerie in cinema Culture Films that scare in
unexplainable ways A return to old-school Canadian glamour Everything you love about business-class air travel for a fraction of the price
Travel A return to old-school Canadian glamour How far can vertical farming go? Might mangos and apples grow in high-rise city farms one
day? Future How far can vertical farming go? The companies that burn out young grads "There was just a steady churn of young, impressionable
workers" Worklife The companies that burn out young grads The man on the kill list of Italy's most powerful mafia Prosecutor Nicola Gratteri
has learned to live in constant danger Europe The man on the kill list of Italy's most powerful mafia Americast: Biden under investigation
Classified documents are found at the president's home. How much trouble is he in? Sounds Americast: Biden under investigation 'I secretly
recorded my rapist's confession' Ellie Wilson said she released the confession to show how "manipulative" abusers can be UK 'I secretly
recorded my rapist's confession' Latest Business News 1 UK economy beats expectations with November growth 2 Apple boss to have pay cut by
over 40% this year 3 Adidas loses stripes trademark battle with Browne 4 Royal Mail hit by Russia-linked ransomware attack Future Planet
Solutions for a sustainable world An answer to India's flower waste In defence of real Christmas trees What would a green World Cup look
like? Technology of Business Business India targets China's dominance in mobile phones India targets China's dominance in mobile phones
ADVERTISEMENT Technology of Business Business Could floating solar farms survive out at sea? Could floating solar farms survive out at sea?
Featured video Ros Atkins on… social care’s impact on the NHS crisis Ros Atkins explains how the crisis in the NHS connects to long-term
issues within social care. Health Ros Atkins on… social care’s impact on the NHS crisis Recommended Latest Ros Atkins on… social care’s
impact on... Health Ros Atkins on… social care’s impact on the NHS crisis Elvis's daughter's life in the public eye World Elvis's daughter's
life in the public eye 'Have you read Harry's book?' - reporter asks... UK 'Have you read Harry's book?' - reporter asks William Traffic
stopped for koala crossing highway Australia Traffic stopped for koala crossing highway Angry guest crashes car into hotel in... Asia Angry
guest crashes car into hotel in Shanghai Deadly tornadoes sweep through Alabama US & Canada Deadly tornadoes sweep through Alabama Learning
how to live like a Viking Northern Ireland Learning how to live like a Viking One-minute World News Video One-minute World News Mel C: Who
knew I'd be dancing professionally... Entertainment & Arts Mel C: Who knew I'd be dancing professionally at 49 Police storm abandoned
village occupied by... Europe Police storm abandoned village occupied by activists BBC World Service On Air: BBC News More around the BBC
Oil giant 'predicted climate change in 1970s' Researchers claim to put a number on what Exxon knew about temperature rise as early as the
1970s. Science & Environment Oil giant 'predicted climate change in 1970s' Argentina sees prices almost doubling last year Business
Argentina sees prices almost doubling last year Covid cases in China touch 900 million - study China Covid cases in China touch 900 million
- study Rick and Morty co-creator facing assault charges US & Canada Rick and Morty co-creator facing assault charges Twitter says leaked
emails were not hacked Technology Twitter says leaked emails were not hacked Leftover Covid swabs to be tested for other viruses Health
Leftover Covid swabs to be tested for other viruses Harry Styles and Wet Leg lead Brits nominations Entertainment & Arts Harry Styles and
Wet Leg lead Brits nominations From Our Correspondents What are the atmospheric rivers ? By Robin Levinson-King How Cuban spy used
incredible memory to betray US By Chelsea Bailey What is known about new Covid variant XBB.1.5? By Fergus Walsh The Ukrainians trying to run
start-ups in a war By James Clayton The enduring anguish of being the royal 'spare' By Sean Coughlan Could Trump become Speaker? By Robin
Levinson-King & Marianna Brady Gadgets unveiled at CES but Russia is banned By Zoe Kleinman Snow shortage threatens Alps with wet winter
season By Imogen Foulkes New Tech Economy Will the metaverse be your new workplace? Business Will the metaverse be your new workplace?
Future Planet The batteries made from wood Future Planet The batteries made from wood World in pictures Africa's top shots: Angry rams,
priest and prayers Africa Africa's top shots: Angry rams, priest and prayers Golden Globes: The red carpet in pictures Entertainment & Arts
Golden Globes: The red carpet in pictures Repairing broken gadgets for a better future In Pictures Repairing broken gadgets for a better
future Mastectomy photo project aims to empower women Manchester Mastectomy photo project aims to empower women In Pictures: Orthodox
Christians mark Christmas World In Pictures: Orthodox Christians mark Christmas BBC in other languages Russian Война в Украине: Россия
заявила, что контролирует Соледар, Украина говорит, что бои продолжаются Spanish "Los sonidos de torturas continuaron durante horas”: la
brutal carta de una joven desde dentro de una de las cárceles "más infames" de Irán Persian تظاهرات در زاهدان؛ معترضان علیه خامنه‌ای و حکومت
جمهوری اسلامی شعار می‌دهند Portuguese Infiltrados em protesto? As fake news que se espalharam após eleições e invasão em Brasília More
Languages Arabic عربي Azeri AZƏRBAYCAN Bangla বাংলা Burmese မြန်မာ Chinese 中文网 French AFRIQUE Hausa HAUSA Hindi हिन्दी Indonesian INDONESIA
Japanese 日本語 Kinyarwanda GAHUZA Kirundi KIRUNDI Kyrgyz Кыргыз Marathi मराठी Nepali नेपाली Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Portuguese BRASIL
Russian НА РУССКОМ Sinhala සිංහල Somali SOMALI Spanish MUNDO Swahili SWAHILI Tamil தமிழ் Turkish TÜRKÇE Ukrainian УКРАЇНСЬКA Urdu اردو Uzbek
O'ZBEK Vietnamese TIẾNG VIỆT Explore the BBC Home News Sport Weather iPlayer Sounds Bitesize CBeebies CBBC Food Home News Sport Reel
Worklife Travel Future Culture TV Weather Sounds Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance
Contact the BBC Make an editorial complaint BBC emails for you Advertise with us AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info Copyright © 2023 BBC. The
BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.